# Data Records

- Provide info on SRA submission

All FASTQ files corresponding to each individual oyster (192 files) have been deposited in the National Center for Biotechnology Information (NCBI) short-read archive (SRA). Additionally, the two non-demultiplexed FASTQ files generated by this project have also been deposited [Data Citation 1: NCBI BioProject ######].

- Provide information about GitHub repo dedicatd to this manuscript

Other data files described in this manuscript are stored in a publicly available Zenodo repository: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.496149 (Data Citation 2: https://doi.org/10.5281/zenodo.496149).

- Describe files provided by BGI

Genotyping information for all individuals is contained in the Genotype.xls file. This spreadsheet provides loci information for indvidual genotypes. Over 10,000 loci were identified (10,363) and used for unqiquely genoytping individuals. Each row corresponds to an identified locus and has been assigned a unique ID. The Consensu_Seq column provides an 82 nucleotide region containing an individual SNP that is unique to at least one of the individuals. The position of this SNP within that 82 base region is indicated in the pos column. The subsequent columns represent each of the 92 individuals.
  - SNPs
  - index.lst
  - split.sh
  - enzyme.txt


#### SNP Summary Table (put here for quick reference - needs to be separate figure)

| Population  | Mean SNPs | Mean Homozygous | Mean Heterozygous | Homozygous (%) | Heterozygous (%) |
|-------------|-----------|-----------------|-------------------|----------------|------------------|
| Dabob Bay   | 7571.38   | 6445.81         | 1125.56           | 85.22          | 14.78            |
| Fidalgo Bay | 7464.44   | 6347.50         | 1116.94           | 85.14          | 14.86            |
| Oyster Bay  | 7878.00   | 6693.91         | 1184.09           | 85.04          | 14.96            |
