### Data files (excluding sequencing data)

- ```160123_I132_FCH3YHMBBXX_L4_OYSzenG1AAD96FAAPEI-109_1_fastqc```: Output folder generated by FASTQC analysis. Contents within this folder are referenced by the corresponding HTML file.
- ```160123_I132_FCH3YHMBBXX_L4_OYSzenG1AAD96FAAPEI-109_2_fastqc```: Output folder generated by FASTQC analysis. Contents within this folder are referenced by the corresponding HTML file.
- ```160123_I132_FCH3YHMBBXX_L4_OYSzenG1AAD96FAAPEI-109_1_fastqc.html```: FASTQC analysis output file. References the contents of the corresponding folder to display FASTQC report in browser.
- ```160123_I132_FCH3YHMBBXX_L4_OYSzenG1AAD96FAAPEI-109_2_fastqc.html```: FASTQC analysis output file. References the contents of the corresponding folder to display FASTQC report in browser.
- ```Data.stat.xls```: Spreadsheet detailing number of reads generated, number of bases sequenced, GC percentage, Q20 percentage, and Q30 percentage for each individual.
- ```Genotype.xls```: Spreadsheet providing consensus sequences of genomic regions containing SNPs across individuals; effectively provides a genotype for each individual.
- ```SNP.stat.xls```: Spreadsheet summarizing total number of SNPs identified in each individual, as well as breakdown of homozygous/heteroyzgous SNP composition in each individual.
- ```enzyme.txt```: A text file containing the ApeI cut site. Required for demultiplexing using the ```split.sh``` script.
- ```index.lst```: A tab-delimited text file that contains index sequences necessary for demultiplexing using the ```split.sh``` script.
- ```nj_tree.out.tre.png```: An image file of the Neighbor-Joining tree grouping of genotypes. Not suitable for resizing. Use the SVG version for resizing.
- ```nj_tree.out.tre.svg```: A scalable vector graphics file of the Neighbor-Joining tree grouping of genotypes.
- ```split.sh```: Script used by BGI for demultiplexing using [Reseqtools](https://github.com/BGI-shenzhen/Reseqtools).
